README.md, before:

![icon](https://github.com/OliwerDrywa/svelte-pwa-template/blob/master/public/assets/favicon-32x32.png)
svelte pwa starter
=============

stripped down version of cerivitos/svelte-pwa-now

## getting started

make sure [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) is installed
clone the repo and

```bash
npm install
```

Start by

```bash
npm run dev
```

and go to [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).

build for production using

```bash
npm run build
```

and serve the `public` folder.

## details

#### icons

The commonly required icons are at `public/assets/`. Be sure to use the same filenames as they are referred to in the metadata at `public/index.html`. Tip: Use [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) which automatically creates all the required icon sizes, and simply unzip the generated asset bundle into `public/assets`.

#### index.html metadata

The icons are all utilized in the `<meta></meta>` tags for Facebook, Twitter and Google indexing among others. Be sure to customize your app title and descriptions in all the tags.

#### service worker

Includes and registers a workbox-based service worker at public/

#### manifest

Customize `public/manifest.json` with your PWA's info for installation. Note that the manifest requires a 512x512 icon which is not generated by [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/). You have to manually create that one on your own using something like [https://onlinepngtools.com/resize-png](https://onlinepngtools.com/resize-png).

Commit message:

updates README & removes package_lock from .gitignore

README.md, after:

![icon](https://github.com/OliwerDrywa/svelte-pwa-template/blob/master/public/assets/favicon-32x32.png)
svelte pwa starter - sveltefire
=============

includes elements from [cerivitos/svelte-pwa-now](https://github.com/cerivitos/svelte-pwa-now)

includes [codediodeio/sveltefire](https://github.com/codediodeio/sveltefire) and [codediodeio/sveltefire-template](https://github.com/codediodeio/sveltefire-template)

## getting started

0 - make sure [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) is installed

1 - clone or degit the repo

```bash
npx degit OliwerDrywa/svelte-pwa-template#sveltefire
```

2 - install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

3 - start in development mode 

```bash
npm run dev
```

4 - go to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

#### for production

build using

```bash
npm run build
```

and serve the `public` folder.


## details

#### icons

the commonly required icons are at `public/assets/`. Be sure to use the same filenames as they are referred to in the metadata at `public/index.html`.
tip: use [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) which automatically creates all the required icon sizes, and simply unzip the generated asset bundle into `public/assets`.

#### index.html metadata

the icons are all utilized in the `<meta></meta>` tags for Facebook, Twitter and Google indexing among others. be sure to customize your app title and descriptions in all the tags.

#### service worker

registers a workbox-based service worker located at `public/service-worker.js`. this service worker implements workbox's StaleWhileRevalidate for all routes excluding `firestore.googleapis.com`.

#### manifest

customize `public/manifest.json` with your pwa's info for installation. note that the manifest requires a 512x512 icon which is not generated by [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/). you have to manually create that one on your own using something like [https://onlinepngtools.com/resize-png](https://onlinepngtools.com/resize-png).

#### sveltefire

the template includes codediodeio's [sveltefire](https://github.com/codediodeio/sveltefire) and [sveltefire-template](https://github.com/codediodeio/sveltefire-template) for easy firebase implementation in svelte.

additionally, persistence is enabled for firestore making the template offline-ready.
